Hi, I'm Eric. I'm a product manager at
Notion and I work on our agents and
agent orchestration.
I had 30 tasks to make a prototype. I
took all of that and just dragged it to
start and it was like Claude running
wild.
I was like, oh, I don't need to watch
this. So, I got like a snack. I came
back and like all the prototypes were
made. That was sort of the unlock.
We want Notion to be the agent
orchestration platform.
Notion is such a good place for human
and agent collaboration. You bring the
right agent together for the job and we
help to manage all of your workflows. We
were really excited about bringing
managed agents into Notion because
Claude is really good at complex
long-running tasks. If you were to roll
it up yourself, it's like a mega brain
engineering effort. You need like a PhD
in all of this to make it work. And so,
the managed agent product was great
because it makes it really plug and play
to bring in Claude. He runs the sessions
in the cloud. We just pull in the API
and it works. For our customers, what
that means is that they can kick off a
ton of jobs in Notion.
I'd love to show a use case of how we
use managed agents to build agent
orchestration in Notion.
So, this example is something that a lot
of our non-technical users do, which is
they'll onboard clients. Let's take a
fictitious client called Harbor and
Pine. They are a lifestyle brand and now
here are all the action items
we have within Notion's a custom agent
and we've basically given it all of the
client databases and task boards. So, it
has the full context to onboard and it
helps us in the onboarding workflows for
clients. Behind the scenes, this agent
has Claude as well.
It is pulling in all the contexts within
Notion to go and generate this. And so,
what I want to do is call upon the
client onboarding manager
and then take these action items, turn
them into tasks. You can see them,
they're all in this task board.
And this is what I like about it, like I
can take all of this and just dump it
here and you can see on this side
that it kicks off
a bunch of agent threads.
And that all basically feeds into Claude
and then Claude will then kick off a
Claude session on that. And so now you
can
talk to that Claude session within
Notion here, which mirrors the actual
session that was kicked off. So, if we
go into the Claude platform, you can see
that this session is running for Claude
managed agents. It kind of gives you a
different view of what's happening.
It's useful for us on the development
side, right, to go and see like what's
happening, but also actually to feed all
these traces to go and improve our
agent. Having a harness that can do
long-running tasks is really essential.
You might need to run it for 20 minutes,
an hour. That ability to continue to run
it, to manage memory, to have
high-quality outputs over time is a
layer that's super critical on top of
the model itself. A lot of the tasks are
completed already. This is what a
example home page could look like and it
is pulling in all the contexts within
Notion to go and generate this. And if
we wanted to iterate on that, we can
talk to Claude directly here. That's how
we used managed agents in Notion to help
ourselves and help our customers.
So, the managed agent product is like a
playground for me. It's just really cool
to be able to kick off all these jobs at
the same time. I just love building cool